README.md, before:

#My Personal Website

layout goals (first look): 

for navigation
- format similarly to carrd buttons, in which there is a black border around each individual nav links. 
- potentially create an event, so that when the mouse hovers over the black-bordered boxes that box will fill with black and the text will turn white? 
    --> to do this, i might have to change from using nav, and instead use a list? or table ??? or other text element that i format in css to be horizontal , and add in a reference??? or source/link???????? to link it to the various sections, since aeshtetically the navigation elements are blue and classically link-like. css style change for text does not work on them.
-so far, i have navigation elements(?) for bio, interests, and a picture of a fox.
-create a nav element for future projects? maybe upload pictures of art inbetween (for fun, and to make it look aesthetically pleasing ^^)

for sections: 
- figure out how to separate sections, so that there is a "home" page and the user will have to use the navigation tab to get elsewhere. maybe i can put my art in the homepage to make it look pleasing/engaging?

Commit message:

second look, look to readME.md for details. will attempt to make ul>li's go under an h1 or h2 so it's easier to access and alter via css

README.md, after:

#My Personal Website

layout goals (first look): 

for navigation:

1. format similarly to carrd buttons, in which there is a black border around each individual nav links. 
    --> using upper case for nav for aesthetic, and so it may stand out. consider using different text formatting? ie different font family, to further distinguish nav from other sections.
    
    UPDATE1: changed from nav elements to ul elements with li elements as children(?). took away base styling for lists so that it can be used as a horizontal navigation bar for the website. i think i need to make the ul>li's into children of an h1 or h2 element so it will be easier to specify what i want to change stylistically for that grouping via css. wish me luck! 

2. potentially create an event, so that when the mouse hovers over the black-bordered boxes that box will fill with black and the text will turn white? 
    --> to do this, i might have to change from using nav, and instead use a list? or table ??? or other text element that i format in css to be horizontal , and add in a reference??? or source/link???????? to link it to the various sections, since aeshtetically the navigation elements are blue and classically link-like. css style change for text does not work on them.

    -so far, i have navigation elements(?) for bio, interests, and a picture of a fox.
3. create a nav element for future projects? maybe upload pictures of art in the meantime (for fun, and to make it look aesthetically pleasing ^^). maybe in the feature i can link a medium account (web journal) to that page so that they may look at my progress? 

for sections: 

1. figure out how to hide sections, or make them tied to a specific event ? so that there is a basic "home" page and the user will have to use the navigation tab to view the other sections. 
    --> maybe i can put my art in the homepage to make it look pleasing/engaging?
